README.md, before:

# Disc 11 by Zhycorp
> A dedicated open-source Discord music bot for Zhycorp based on [Jukebox](https://github.com/Hazmi35/jukebox), easy to use, and with no coding required.

<a href="https://zhycorp.net/discord"><img src="https://img.shields.io/discord/332877090003091456?color=7289DA&logo=discord&logoColor=white" alt="Discord Server" /></a>
<a href="https://discord.com/oauth2/authorize?client_id=690736793682968576&permissions=53857345&scope=bot"><img src="https://img.shields.io/static/v1?label=Invite%20Me&message=Disc%2011%230606&plastic&color=7289DA&logo=discord"></a>
<img src="https://badgen.net/badge/icon/typescript?icon=typescript&label">
<a href="https://github.com/zhycorp/disc-11/actions?query=workflow%3A%22Lint+code+%26+compile+test%22"><img src="https://github.com/zhycorp/disc-11/workflows/Lint%20code%20&%20compile%20test/badge.svg" alt="CI Status" /></a>

## Usage

**Requires [Node.JS](https://nodejs.org) version 12.9.0 or above.**

1. Install [Node.JS](https://nodejs.org) first
2. Rename `.env.schema` to `.env` and fill out the values (example on `.env.example`)
3. Install dependencies as stated [here](https://github.com/zhycorp/disc-11#installation)
4. Run `npm run build` using Node Package Manager
5. Optional thing, prune dev dependencies (this is good to save disk spaces):
```sh
$ npm prune --production
```
1. Start it with `npm start` and you're done!

Notes: 
1. You only need to configure `.env` file when you're using the [Docker image](https://github.com/zhycorp/disc-11#Docker)
2. If you're using **Deploy to Heroku** button, you don't need to do this.

## Installation

Without optional packages:
```sh
$ npm install --no-optional
```

With optional packages (recommended):
```sh
$ npm install
```
For optional packages, you need to install build tools as stated [here](https://github.com/nodejs/node-gyp#installation) and you also need to install [Git](https://git-scm.com/).

## Hosting

### Heroku
This clone project is supporting [Heroku](https://heroku.com), because the [original project](https://github.com/Hazmi35/jukebox) is recommending using this.

<a href="https://heroku.com/deploy"><img src="https://www.herokucdn.com/deploy/button.svg" alt="Deploy"></a>

### Glitch
You can use Glitch to keep this bot online with no worries 😉

1. Go to [glitch.com](https://glitch.com) and make an account
2. Click **New Project**, and then **Import from GitHub**
3. Please specify the field with `https://github.com/zhycorp/disc-11`, then wait for a while
4. Delete the `.env` file, find the file named `.env.schema` and rename it back to `.env`, let's configure that
5. Get your bot token from [Discord developer portal](https://discord.com/developers/applications) then invite it to your server, and fill the bot prefix with anything you want
6. Please complete the other configuration fields, if you don't know, there will be a file named `.env.example` as an example.
7. To get an YouTube API v3 Key, please watch [this video](https://youtu.be/K2nqthN1xKQ?t=203) carefully
8. After that, go to **Tools** > **Terminal** > type `refresh`
9. Close the **Terminal** tab, then open **Tools** > **Logs**, wait for a while
10. To make the bot stay online, please watch [this video](https://youtu.be/K2nqthN1xKQ?t=551) carefully.

Your bot is online, and ready to use!
If you have any questions or need support, feel free to join our [Discord server](https://zhycorp.net/discord).

## Docker
Want to use Dockerized version of [this project](https://github.com/Hazmi35/jukebox)? We provide them on the [Docker Hub](https://hub.docker.com/r/hazmi35/jukebox) and also in [GitHub Container Registry](https://github.com/users/Hazmi35/packages/container/package/jukebox).

### Volumes
[Docker Volumes](https://docs.docker.com/storage/volumes/) are needed to store cache and logs persistently.

### Example
```sh
$ docker run --env-file .env --volume cache:/app/cache --volume logs:/app/logs --restart unless-stopped hazmi35/jukebox
```
We also provide [docker-compose.yml](docker-compose.yml) if you want to go that way.

### Compose Example
```sh
$ docker-compose up
```

## Features
- Basic Commands (Help, Ping, Invite & Eval [for advanced bot developers])
- Basic Music Commands (Play, Skip, Stop, Pause and Resume, Now Playing, Queue, Repeat, Volume)
- A production-ready music bot, suitable for you that dislike hassling with the code
- Lightweight (only around 120MB with dev dependencies pruned)
- Caching (cache youtube downloads)
- Configurable, and easy to use
- Docker-friendly

Based on [jukebox](https://github.com/Hazmi35/jukebox)

Commit message:

How to setup the pi

README.md, after:

# Disc 11 by Zhycorp
> A dedicated open-source Discord music bot for Zhycorp based on [Jukebox](https://github.com/Hazmi35/jukebox), easy to use, and with no coding required.

<a href="https://zhycorp.net/discord"><img src="https://img.shields.io/discord/332877090003091456?color=7289DA&logo=discord&logoColor=white" alt="Discord Server" /></a>
<a href="https://discord.com/oauth2/authorize?client_id=690736793682968576&permissions=53857345&scope=bot"><img src="https://img.shields.io/static/v1?label=Invite%20Me&message=Disc%2011%230606&plastic&color=7289DA&logo=discord"></a>
<img src="https://badgen.net/badge/icon/typescript?icon=typescript&label">
<a href="https://github.com/zhycorp/disc-11/actions?query=workflow%3A%22Lint+code+%26+compile+test%22"><img src="https://github.com/zhycorp/disc-11/workflows/Lint%20code%20&%20compile%20test/badge.svg" alt="CI Status" /></a>

## Usage

**Requires [Node.JS](https://nodejs.org) version 12.9.0 or above.**

1. Install [Node.JS](https://nodejs.org) first
2. Rename `.env.schema` to `.env` and fill out the values (example on `.env.example`)
3. Install dependencies as stated [here](https://github.com/zhycorp/disc-11#installation)
4. Run `npm run build` using Node Package Manager
5. Optional thing, prune dev dependencies (this is good to save disk spaces):
```sh
$ npm prune --production
```
1. Start it with `npm start` and you're done!

Notes: 
1. You only need to configure `.env` file when you're using the [Docker image](https://github.com/zhycorp/disc-11#Docker)
2. If you're using **Deploy to Heroku** button, you don't need to do this.

## Raspberry Pi 4 Setup
To configure the pi to use node 12+

```shell script
curl -sL https://deb.nodesource.com/setup_12.x | sudo bash -
```

Ask to install the new version
```shell script
sudo apt install nodejs
```

Verify the install
```shell script
node --version
```
This should reply with a version number of at least 12.9.0

## Installation

Without optional packages:
```sh
$ npm install --no-optional
```

With optional packages (recommended):
```sh
$ npm install
```
For optional packages, you need to install build tools as stated [here](https://github.com/nodejs/node-gyp#installation) and you also need to install [Git](https://git-scm.com/).

## Hosting

### Heroku
This clone project is supporting [Heroku](https://heroku.com), because the [original project](https://github.com/Hazmi35/jukebox) is recommending using this.

<a href="https://heroku.com/deploy"><img src="https://www.herokucdn.com/deploy/button.svg" alt="Deploy"></a>

### Glitch
You can use Glitch to keep this bot online with no worries 😉

1. Go to [glitch.com](https://glitch.com) and make an account
2. Click **New Project**, and then **Import from GitHub**
3. Please specify the field with `https://github.com/zhycorp/disc-11`, then wait for a while
4. Delete the `.env` file, find the file named `.env.schema` and rename it back to `.env`, let's configure that
5. Get your bot token from [Discord developer portal](https://discord.com/developers/applications) then invite it to your server, and fill the bot prefix with anything you want
6. Please complete the other configuration fields, if you don't know, there will be a file named `.env.example` as an example.
7. To get an YouTube API v3 Key, please watch [this video](https://youtu.be/K2nqthN1xKQ?t=203) carefully
8. After that, go to **Tools** > **Terminal** > type `refresh`
9. Close the **Terminal** tab, then open **Tools** > **Logs**, wait for a while
10. To make the bot stay online, please watch [this video](https://youtu.be/K2nqthN1xKQ?t=551) carefully.

Your bot is online, and ready to use!
If you have any questions or need support, feel free to join our [Discord server](https://zhycorp.net/discord).

## Docker
Want to use Dockerized version of [this project](https://github.com/Hazmi35/jukebox)? We provide them on the [Docker Hub](https://hub.docker.com/r/hazmi35/jukebox) and also in [GitHub Container Registry](https://github.com/users/Hazmi35/packages/container/package/jukebox).

### Volumes
[Docker Volumes](https://docs.docker.com/storage/volumes/) are needed to store cache and logs persistently.

### Example
```sh
$ docker run --env-file .env --volume cache:/app/cache --volume logs:/app/logs --restart unless-stopped hazmi35/jukebox
```
We also provide [docker-compose.yml](docker-compose.yml) if you want to go that way.

### Compose Example
```sh
$ docker-compose up
```

## Features
- Basic Commands (Help, Ping, Invite & Eval [for advanced bot developers])
- Basic Music Commands (Play, Skip, Stop, Pause and Resume, Now Playing, Queue, Repeat, Volume)
- A production-ready music bot, suitable for you that dislike hassling with the code
- Lightweight (only around 120MB with dev dependencies pruned)
- Caching (cache youtube downloads)
- Configurable, and easy to use
- Docker-friendly

Based on [jukebox](https://github.com/Hazmi35/jukebox)
